README.md, before:

# Skin Buzz dla 737-800YV do FlightGear
Nie wiem co tu wpisać :/

# Pobieranie
[Link do pobrania tutaj](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/raw/main/RYS.zip)

Pobierasz i wklejasz:

Eksplorator plików> Dysk> Program files > Flightgear > (Tam gdzie masz 738YV) > Models > Liveries-800 > i wklejacie .png i .xml
# Screenshoty
![Screenshot1](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20112008.png)
![Screenshot2](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20112030.png)
![Screenshot3](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20112126.png)
![Screenshot4](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20114228.png)
![Screenshot5](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20114505.png)
![Screenshot5](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20114338.png)

Commit message:

FG is not polish only simulator
But you really need to fix this file system on repo, its just bad

README.md, after:

# Ryanair sun (aka Buzzair) livery for 737-800 for FlightGear

# Downloading
There are some ways to download:
1. Click <Code> and then <Download zip>, and copy files from src to youraircraftsfolder/737-800YV/Models/Liveries-800
2. Faster way - using git. Open CMD or Terminal in youraircrafts folder. Then copy this command: 
git clone https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800.git 737-800YV/Models/Liveries-800

# Screenshots
![Screenshot1](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20112008.png)
![Screenshot2](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20112030.png)
![Screenshot3](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20112126.png)
![Screenshot4](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20114228.png)
![Screenshot5](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20114505.png)
![Screenshot5](https://github.com/SP-LWD/flightgear-buzz-737-800/blob/main/Zrzut%20ekranu%202022-02-09%20114338.png)
